Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to an editorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this story, we are going to see how to reverse a string in Ruby.
Now, this is basically the syntax for doing it.
You have to write in the string you want to reverse and you have to write in dot operator, and then
you have to write in reverse, which is a building method.
Now, what this function reversal is going to do is that is going to completely reverse the order of
the letters that are occurring in a specific string.
So let's say I have a string that says tutorials then if I just write in votes.
Ex dot reverse.
Run this good, then you can see that tutorial is now printed out in the reverse order duty or are as.
So that is the reverse order or you can simply do it in a single line like you can just right in.
The strain right here.
Run the score and you will have the whatever string you have entered and the reverse order, so that
is how you can basically reverse a string and Ruby.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.